Who are you?
It's a sophistry
How dare you do something to me?
A mere female general dares to ask this seat's reputation
young master
Is he the handsome woman of Longguang?
Humph
How could he be the handsome woman of Longguang?
The commander has been poisoned by Shan Gengda
How dare you mad at me
You think?
My old man is the messenger of dick Wenbo
Can a new shipment be delivered by yourself?
Just give it.
Don't let this affect the relationship between his two countries.
Hahaha, did you hear that?
This is the top ten cash withdrawals that you cannot tolerate women
Get out of the way
Let me show you.
You are awesome
As far as you are concerned, do you have no martial arts ethics?